It's okay.
Have you ever killed a person?
Pull the trigger, and it's over.
No.
It's not over.
The eyes of the first person you kill
will haunt you forever.
The eyes of the person
whose life slips away…
will follow you around
when you eat or sleep.
Even in your dreams.
Your life will be a living hell
where you're chased
by those eyes endlessly.
I am trying
to save all of us here.
I'm trying to convince
Comrades Kang and Joo
to save everyone in here
including all the hostages.
Don't forget, Bun-ok.
All the hostages must die here
for you and me
to carry on without anyone
knowing what we did.
I'll take care of you until the end.
-You know I'm capable of that.
-Shut up.
Now I'll tell Soo-ho and the ANSP agent
to put down their guns.
If they don't, don't hesitate
-to pull the trigger.
-Comrade Kang!
-Drop your guns.
-Sit down!
If they hear a gunshot, they'll break in.
The cafeteria and room 203
are not guarded at all.
They'll hold us down in three minutes.
-You'll be arrested in three minutes.
-Don't be fooled.
They'll never break in.
They haven't until now. Can't you see?
If they don't drop them in three seconds,
shoot her.
One.
Bun-ok…
Two.
Drop your guns now!
I'll really shoot her.
You don't think I can?
Drop your guns!
Good.
Well done.
Now,
bring Yeong-ro here.
Don't.
Step back.
Move back!
It's all right.
Slowly. Take it easy.
Bun-ok.
What are you doing?
Stay out of it.
Where did you get that gun?
Put it down right now.
Shut your mouth.
Or I'll tell these guys
who you really are.
What?
Bun-ok. You must hurry. Come to this side.
Untie us first. Hurry.
Are you out of your mind?
Don't move!
Shoot me then.
You don't think I can?
The doctor said she'll save my father.
I can't afford to miss this opportunity.
I'm not going to miss it.
Is that so?
Then you're going to have to shoot me.
Shoot!
You foolish brat.
Have you forgotten what happened to your
sister? Do you want to end up like her?